It's rolling.
Samoan?
It's like it's a collection of his story
Yeah.
yeah It's just the story of love.
So it's like, it starts thousands of years ago.
Well, like their history. Like their ancestors?
Though some of them, they're immortal, so some of them were already existent back then too.
But it's just like how the elves in the Lord of the Rings are the elves.
yeah They are in the book. yeah
It's like all the  (***)
Unless they're killed.
Yeah, the book is written by Tolkien.
yeah
yeah yeah
yeah (***)
Yeah, a lot of the stories are really sad
so I skipped over a lot of them. I just read the most famous ones.
Yeah
mm
I think the beginning of the book is really hard to read.
(***) Meridian? Yeah, the beginning is still Meridian.
yeah i just go to the ones where i know the characters are connected to the lord of the
(***) oh
haahaa
Chronicles of Narnia. haahaa
haahaa (***) yeah
Oh, really? Flipper.
finally ohh
Is it Disney? I guess the first two were Disney.
Yeah, and then that third door (***)
Don Trenner. But I don't think that one was Disney. They use the same actors?
but it wasn't Disney anymore.
I think the overall movie quality, personally, was a little lower.
Like a mouse, too. (***)
You can't use the same actors yeah
yeah so fourth book they only need one yeah of the same character
i think no  (***)
cousin yeah
(***) its really like
It's just a very disagreeable cousin of the original four
But then he changes because of his trip to Borneo.
And then he comes out in the fourth one.
yeah
wardrobe yeah
Yeah.
haahaa yeah
Put him, put him back.
ahh ahh
ahh tht'a whyThe cliff parts.
awww
mmm
haahaa (***)
haahaa that (***)
haahaa
Oh, a movie that made you cry.
yeah Like, not last year.